Update 50-to-60.md (#23741)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/migration/50-to-60.md

---
title: Migrate from ASP.NET Core 5.0 to 6.0
author: rick-anderson

> description: Learn how to he new ASP.NET Core 6.0 hosting model

Author: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to migrate to the new ASP.NET Core 6.0 hosting model
```
